Dad, what's the matter with you?
Don't worry, Tang's dog is just a backbone attack
I've helped him unclog the place of insanity
It's okay now.
Wake up soon
The Tang family really raised a big filial daughter
For an irrelevant man
He almost pissed his father to death
Misfortune
Unfortunate family
Tang Xuelian
You're making your dad so angry
Do you still want to be obsessed with the next question?
This is what happens later.
Jin Feng, you always win
So the Tang family has fallen
It's not in service yet. Drop rights.
Yan Airport
The mission of the hair picking order
It is the comfort of safeguarding the world
You abused your power
Blatantly using him as an instrument of individual rights
You are so majestic
You dare to threaten the wallet of Beijing Tianwang
Zifang
I have been enlisted
And implicated the Tang family
The tobacco mud factory is also an established Beijing king
Even the Qing army presided over the canonization hall for him
He decided to tell Wei Zhou that he had one word
We can't afford it.
You know you want to protect me
But the reinforcements of the Qing army
In fact, you can impersonate it at will
Take my advice
Don't get poisoned with them anymore
I can't stand it anymore
The Tang family will not be destroyed
And not only that.
Today I will be canonized as the King of Beijing
It's not his night mud factory either
It's you.
As for the Night Mud Factory
As a god of war
But it is necessary to compare
narrow-minded
De miscoordination
Even so, just as he thought
Descended nine levels in a row
Descend to the northern border to see the gate